LINUX :
  Linux is an operating system,and it is a collection of files on a disk or a partition.
  It is a fastest growing operating system and it is used by almost all devices from phones to supercomputers all major hardware devices 
  Linux allows us to run the program,freedom to change the code according to our use,it supports various security options that protect from viruses,malware and crashes
LINUX ROOT FILE SYSTEM :
   A root filesytem is available in the root hierarchy, also known as /. It is the first available filesystem and also the one 
  on which the mount command is not used, since it is mounted directly by the kernel through the root= argument. The following are the multiple options to load the root filesystem:
/bin: It refers to the location of most programs
/sbin: It refers location of system programs
/boot: It refers the location for boot options, such as the kernel image, kernel config, initrd, system maps, and other information
/home: This refers to user home directory
/root: This refers the location of the root user's home location
/usr: It refers user-specific programs and libraries, and mimics parts of the content of the root filesystem
/lib: It refers to the location of libraries
/etc: This refers to the system-wide configurations
/dev: This refers to the location of device files
/media: It refers the location of mount points of removable devices
/mnt: This refers to the mount location point of static media
/proc: This refers to the mounting point of the proc virtual filesystem
/sys: It refers to mounting point of the sysfs virtual filesystem
/tmp: This refers to the location temporary files
/var: This refers  data files, such as logging data, administrative information, or the location of transient data
LINUX FILE SYSTEMS TYPES:
   ext: It is an elaborate extension of the minix filesystem.  It has
        been completely superseded by the second version of the
        extended filesystem (ext2) and has been removed from the
        kernel (in 2.1.21).

   ext2:It is the high performance disk filesystem used by Linux for
        fixed disks as well as removable media.  The second
        extended filesystem was designed as an extension of the
        extended filesystem (ext).  See ext2(5).

   ext3:It is a journaling version of the ext2 filesystem.  It is
        easy to switch back and forth between ext2 and ext3.  See
        ext3

   ext4:It is a set of upgrades to ext3 including substantial
        performance and reliability enhancements, plus large
        increases in volume, file, and directory size limits.  See
        ext4(5).
   
   XFS: It is a journaling filesystem, developed by SGI, that was
        integrated into Linux in kernel 2.4.20.
